{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8180\viewh11560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Monthly data for each state in the PADD\
>  How often is the data resource updated? \
\
> Forecasting off the table for now; we need to \
\
Time frames for each insight.\
How can I inculcate tableau into the dashboard. Focus on oil. \
\
Try to stay at the state level.\
Focus on the key insights, map, production trend over time and best oil producing regions. \
\
This week:\
- Focus on getting the maps visualizations done.\
- Then include other visualizations like the bar chart, bubble chart.\
\
\
QUESTIONS:\
- 
\f1\b What criteria guided your selection of the series when pulling the data from the EIA API? \

\f2\i\b0 I need to understand this so I will ensure the right features are selected for visualization and in turn, ML predictions. \
\

\f1\i0\b - There were some missing values in the area-names column. How did you treat them? 
\f0\b0 I need to figure out what I will do about them.
\f2\i \
\
\

\f0\i0 Action Item for the Week:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Try to integrate PADDs in the map.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Assign values \'930\'94 to the missing states.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Try displaying the average daily production and not the monthly production.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Create GitHub repository and share the link in the LinkedIn chat\
}